{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2870
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red254\green244\blue139;\red204\green98\blue70;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red135\green135\blue135;\red253\green181\blue13;\red63\green63\blue63;\red42\green42\blue42;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red162\green168\blue247;\red117\green117\blue117;\red66\green176\blue82;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c99608\c95686\c61176;\cssrgb\c84314\c46667\c34118;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c60000\c60000\c60000;\cssrgb\c100000\c75686\c2745;\cssrgb\c31373\c31373\c31373;\cssrgb\c21569\c21569\c21569;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c69412\c72549\c97647;\cssrgb\c53333\c53333\c53333;\cssrgb\c30588\c72941\c39608;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 \CocoaLigature0 Last login: Thu Jun  4 10:15:01 on ttys134\
You have new mail.\
ashleydsouza@Ashleys-MacBook-Pro ~ % hc\
\
  \uc0\u9556 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9559 \
  \uc0\u9553             HEADROOM WRAP: CLAUDE              \u9553 \
  \uc0\u9562 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9552 \u9565 \
\
  Proxy already running on port 8787\
  Setting up rtk...\
2026-06-04 10:15:49,562 - headroom.rtk.installer - INFO - rtk hooks registered in Claude Code\
\
  Launching Claude Code (API routed through Headroom)...\
  ANTHROPIC_BASE_URL=http://127.0.0.1:8787\
  Extra args: --remote-control\
  Telemetry:    ENABLED (anonymous aggregate stats) | Disable: HEADROOM_TELEMETRY=off or --no-telemetry\
\
\cf3 \uc0\u9623 \cf4 \cb3  \uc0\u9623    \u9622  \cf3 \cb2 \uc0\u9622 \cf0   
\f2\b Claude
\f1\b0  
\f2\b Code
\f1\b0  \cf5 v2.1.162\cf0 \
 \cb3        \cb2    \cf5 Sonnet\cf0  \cf5 4.6\cf0  \cf5 \'b7\cf0  \cf5 Claude\cf0  \cf5 Pro\cf0 \
  \cf3 \uc0\u9624 \u9624 \cf0  \cf3 \uc0\u9629 \u9629 \cf0     \cf5 /Users/ashleydsouza\cf0 \
\
 \cf6 \uc0\u9888  1 setup issue: MCP\cf5  \'b7 /doctor\cf0 \
\
\cf7 \cb8 \uc0\u10095  \cf9 create a plan for a new project \cf0                                               \cb2 \
\cb8   \cf9 the idea is to understand common errors or blocks for claude to keep \cf0          \cb2 \
\cb8   \cf9 operating\cf0                                                                      \cb2 \
\cb8   \cf9 i have dropped the ones i see in autoreasrch folder as a tect file\cf0             \cb2 \
\cb8   \cf9 create a plan to create an approach doc dfor all future claude to use, such \cf0   \cb2 \
\cb8   \cf9 that these stops/blocks/approvals are avoided \cf0                                 \cb2 \
\cb8   \cf9 claude must be able to work continuously..\cf0                                     \cb2 \
  \
\cf9 \uc0\u9210 \cf0  Let me find and read the file they dropped in the autoreasrch folder.\
\
  \cf5 Searched for 
\f2\b 1
\f1\b0  pattern, read 
\f2\b 2
\f1\b0  files, listed 
\f2\b 2
\f1\b0  directories (ctrl+o to expand)\cf0 \
  \
\cf9 \uc0\u9210 \cf0  Also checking the existing project plan and the automation thinking note.\
     \
  \cf5 Read 
\f2\b 1
\f1\b0  file, recalled 
\f2\b 1
\f1\b0  memory (ctrl+o to expand)\cf0 \
\
\cf9 \uc0\u9210 \cf0  Good. I now have the full picture. The RTF has real Claude Code permission\
  dialogs Ashley captured. The automation-thinking-note already exists but is\
  missing some triggers from the RTF. Let me map what's new vs. already covered,\
  then write the plan.\
\
  From the RTF, the distinct dialog types captured:\
\
  \uc0\u9484 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9516 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9488 \
  \uc0\u9474                    Dialog text                   \u9474  Already in automation \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9474                                                  \u9474          note?         \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  \cf10 'source' evaluates arguments as shell code\cf0       \uc0\u9474  No                    \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  \cf10 Contains command_substitution\cf0  (\cf10 $(cmd)\cf0 )          \uc0\u9474  No                    \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  \cf10 Contains backslash-escaped whitespace\cf0            \uc0\u9474  No                    \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  Reading from \cf10 /Applications/\cf0  folder              \uc0\u9474  No                    \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  \cf10 Contains brace with quote character (expansion \cf0  \uc0\u9474  Yes                   \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9474  \cf10 obfuscation)\cf0                                     \uc0\u9474                        \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  \cf10 Contains shell syntax that cannot be statically\cf0  \uc0\u9474  Yes                   \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9474  \cf10  analyzed\cf0                                        \uc0\u9474                        \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  \cf10 Newline followed by # inside quoted argument\cf0     \uc0\u9474  Yes                   \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9492 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9524 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9496 \
\
  4 new triggers to add. Here is the full plan:\
\
  ---\
  
\f2\b Plan: Continuous Operation Guide
\f1\b0 \
  \
  
\f2\b Deliverable:
\f1\b0  One canonical document \'97 \cf10 continuous-operation-guide.md\cf0  \'97 that any\
  future Claude instance reads at session start and uses as a mechanical lookup\
  table to avoid all known permission stops.\
\
  
\f2\b Why a new doc instead of updating the automation note:
\f1\b0 \
  The automation note is for Claude instances 
\f3\i building automations
\f1\i0 . The new doc\
  is for 
\f3\i any
\f1\i0  Claude session \'97 including normal coding work \'97 where stops are an\
  annoyance rather than an automation blocker. Different scope, different\
  audience context.\
  \
  ---\
  
\f2\b Phase 1 \'97 Catalog all stops (done in analysis above)
\f1\b0 \
  lookup table to avoid all known permission stops.\
\
  
\f2\b Why
\f1\b0  
\f2\b a
\f1\b0  
\f2\b new
\f1\b0  
\f2\b doc
\f1\b0  
\f2\b instead
\f1\b0  
\f2\b of
\f1\b0  
\f2\b updating
\f1\b0  
\f2\b the
\f1\b0  
\f2\b automation
\f1\b0  
\f2\b note:
\f1\b0 \
  The automation note is for Claude instances 
\f3\i building
\f1\i0  
\f3\i automations
\f1\i0 . The new doc is for 
\f3\i any
\f1\i0  Claude session \'97 including normal coding work \'97 where stops\
  are an annoyance rather than an automation blocker. Different scope, different audience context.\
\
  ---\
  
\f2\b Phase
\f1\b0  
\f2\b 1
\f1\b0  
\f2\b \'97
\f1\b0  
\f2\b Catalog
\f1\b0  
\f2\b all
\f1\b0  
\f2\b stops
\f1\b0  
\f2\b (done
\f1\b0  
\f2\b in
\f1\b0  
\f2\b analysis
\f1\b0  
\f2\b above)
\f1\b0 \
\
  Extract every distinct trigger type from the RTF with:\
  - The exact dialog text Claude Code shows\
  - The command pattern that triggers it\
  - Which "fix" category it falls into: (A) rewrite the command, or (B) add a pre-approval rule\
\
  
\f2\b Phase
\f1\b0  
\f2\b 2
\f1\b0  
\f2\b \'97
\f1\b0  
\f2\b Write
\f1\b0  
\f2\b the
\f1\b0  
\f2\b guide
\f1\b0 \
\
  Structure:\
  1. 
\f2\b Two
\f1\b0  
\f2\b strategies
\f1\b0  \'97 Rewrite (eliminate the trigger) vs. Pre-approve (allow rule in settings.json). When to use each.\
  2. 
\f2\b Trigger
\f1\b0  
\f2\b lookup
\f1\b0  
\f2\b table
\f1\b0  \'97 Every known stop, listed by dialog text. For each: the bad pattern, the fix, and which strategy.\
  3. 
\f2\b Safe
\f1\b0  
\f2\b patterns
\f1\b0  
\f2\b library
\f1\b0  \'97 6\'968 canonical "always write it this way" patterns:\
    - Activating a Python venv without \cf10 source\cf0 \
    - Running commands in paths with spaces\
    - Running commands in \cf10 /Applications/\cf0 \
    - Multiline Python without \cf10 \\n#\cf0  triggers\
    - Complex strings without f-strings\
    - Using command output without \cf10 $()\cf0 \
  4. 
\f2\b Settings.json
\f1\b0  
\f2\b additions
\f1\b0  \'97 Pre-approval rules that cover cases where rewriting is impractical\
\
  
\f2\b Phase
\f1\b0  
\f2\b 3
\f1\b0  
\f2\b \'97
\f1\b0  
\f2\b Wire
\f1\b0  
\f2\b it
\f1\b0  
\f2\b in
\f1\b0 \
\
  - Add the 4 new triggers to \cf10 automation-thinking-note.md\cf0  (Section 6.5) so that doc stays complete\
  - Add a pointer to \cf10 MEMORY.md\cf0 \
  - Add a one-line instruction to the global CLAUDE.md: read this file before writing any Bash command in Ashley's environment\
\
  ---\
  
\f2\b Scope
\f1\b0  
\f2\b decision
\f1\b0  
\f2\b I
\f1\b0  
\f2\b need
\f1\b0  
\f2\b from
\f1\b0  
\f2\b you:
\f1\b0  The guide could be:\
  - (A) Ashley-specific \'97 references his exact paths, pre-approvals tuned to his settings\
  - (B) Generic \'97 patterns that apply to any Claude Code user, no personal paths\
\
  Which do you want? A is more immediately useful; B is reusable if you ever share it or start fresh projects.\
\
\cf5 \uc0\u10043 \cf0  \cf5 Churned\cf0  \cf5 for\cf0  \cf5 1m\cf0  \cf5 17s\cf0 \
\
\cf7 \cb8 \uc0\u10095  \cf9 few additions\cf0                                                                                                                                           \cb2 \
\cb8   \cf9 1. call this as a "permissions" doc (consider if this should even be created as a skill)\cf0                                                                \cb2 \
\cb8   \cf9 2. remember many of these stops are invisible to claude when running - so they have to be anticipated and avoided at the planning stage (hence the \cf0     \cb2 \
\cb8   \cf9 skill questuion)\cf0                                                                                                                                        \cb2 \
\cb8   \cf9 3. new blocks happen all the time.. how will the system uopgrade itself.. is hermes the answer or something else? and where does gbrain fit in all \cf0     \cb2 \
\cb8   \cf9 this?\cf0                                                                                                                                                   \cb2 \
\cb8   \cf9 3.1 overall - this should feel like an upgrade to claude code (at least for me) in terms of autonomous working.. how best to ensure it is used as a \cf0    \cb2 \
\cb8   \cf9 default for all my claude instance/projects automatically\cf0                                                                                               \cb2 \
  \
\cf9 \uc0\u9210 \cf0  Good additions. Let me think through the architecture before locking the plan.\
\
  ---                                                                                                                             \
  
\f2\b Architecture First
\f1\b0 \
  \
  
\f2\b The invisibility problem changes the design entirely.
\f1\b0 \
\
  If stops are invisible to Claude at runtime, a doc Claude "can read" is weak \'97 it requires Claude to remember to read it AND apply it correctly before\
  every command. What's needed is something that runs 
\f3\i before execution
\f1\i0 , not during.\
\
  That points to a 
\f2\b skill
\f1\b0 , not just a doc. But which kind of skill?\
\
  
\f2\b Option A \'97 Reactive skill (\cf10 /permissions\cf0 )
\f1\b0 : Ashley or Claude invokes it manually before an automation. It takes the planned command list and runs it\
  through the trigger lookup table. Outputs: proceed / fix these first.\
\
  
\f2\b Option B \'97 Pre-flight hook
\f1\b0 : A Claude Code hook that fires before every Bash tool call and checks the command string against known patterns. Automatic,\
  zero human memory required.\
\
  
\f2\b Option C \'97 Session-start context injection
\f1\b0 : The trigger catalog is \cf10 @\cf0 -referenced in global CLAUDE.md, so it's in every session's context automatically.\
  Claude reasons from it at planning time without being asked.\
\
  
\f2\b My recommendation: B + C together.
\f1\b0                                                                                               \
\
  - C (context injection) handles the planning stage \'97 Claude knows the rules before writing any command\
  - B (hook) catches anything that slips past planning \'97 a last-line check before execution\
  - The skill (\cf10 /permissions\cf0 ) is the 
\f3\i authoring
\f1\i0  and 
\f3\i update
\f1\i0  interface, not the runtime interface\
\
  ---\
  
\f2\b Self-Upgrade: Where gbrain Fits
\f1\b0 \
  \
  New stops happen continuously. A static doc goes stale. The upgrade path:\
\
  New stop discovered (during any session)\
      \uc0\u8594  Ashley captures it (or Claude captures it automatically)\
      \uc0\u8594  Goes into gbrain as a structured trigger note\
      \uc0\u8594  /permissions skill queries gbrain for current catalog\
      \uc0\u8594  All future sessions get the updated rules\
\
  gbrain becomes the 
\f2\b source of truth
\f1\b0  for the trigger catalog. The skill is just a query + reasoning layer over it. This means:\
  - No manually editing a flat file\
  - New triggers are one KUA run away from being live\
  - Ashley can add new stops from his phone (via the existing iPhone \uc0\u8594  Obsidian \u8594  gbrain flow)\
  \
  Hermes could fit as the 
\f3\i capture surface
\f1\i0  \'97 "saw this new Claude Code block" on iPhone \uc0\u8594  Hermes \u8594  Obsidian \u8594  KUA \u8594  gbrain. But gbrain is the store, not\
  Hermes.\
\
  ---\
  
\f2\b Full Plan
\f1\b0 \
  \
  
\f2\b Phase 1 \'97 The trigger catalog in gbrain
\f1\b0 \
\
  - Create a structured Obsidian note template for trigger entries (dialog text, bad pattern, fix, strategy: rewrite vs. pre-approve)\
  - Migrate all known triggers (from automation-thinking-note + RTF) into gbrain as individual queryable notes\
  - Tag them: \cf10 #claude-code-block\cf0 \
\
  
\f2\b Phase 2 \'97 The \cf10 /permissions\cf0  skill
\f1\b0 \
\
  - Skill takes: a planned execution trace (list of commands)\
  - Queries gbrain for all \cf10 #claude-code-block\cf0  entries\
  - Runs each command through the trigger lookup table\
  - Outputs: a checklist of flagged items with fixes, plus settings.json additions needed\
  - Also available for Ashley to run manually before starting any automation\
\
  
\f2\b Phase 3 \'97 Global CLAUDE.md wiring (default enforcement)
\f1\b0 \
\
  - Add \cf10 @\cf0  reference to the permissions doc (static fallback catalog) in global CLAUDE.md\
  - Add instruction: "Before writing any Bash command in a multi-step task, check the permissions catalog"\
  - This covers all projects automatically, zero per-project setup\
\
  
\f2\b Phase 4 \'97 Pre-tool hook (the real upgrade)
\f1\b0 \
\
  - Hook on Bash tool calls: intercepts the command string, runs it against known trigger patterns\
  - Flags before executing, not after failing\
  - This is what makes it feel like a Claude Code upgrade \'97 it's automatic, not opt-in\
\
  
\f2\b Phase 5 \'97 Self-upgrade loop
\f1\b0 \
\
  - When any session discovers a new block: Claude adds it to gbrain immediately (during session)\
  - KUA run picks it up next cycle\
  - No separate maintenance step needed\
  \
  ---\
  
\f2\b One decision needed before I build:
\f1\b0 \
  \
  The pre-tool hook (Phase 4) adds a check to every Bash call in every session. For simple one-off commands this is noise. Should it:\
  - (A) Fire on every Bash call (most protective, some latency)\
  - (B) Fire only when a multi-step task is active (smarter, needs task detection)\
  - (C) Skip the hook, rely on context injection + manual /permissions invocation\
  \
  Which feels right for how you work day to day?\
\
\cf5 \uc0\u10043 \cf0  \cf5 Cogitated for 1m 0s\cf0 \
\
\cf11 \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \cf0 \
\uc0\u10095 \'a0\cf2 \cb0  \cf0 \cb2 \
\cf11 \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \cf0 \
  \cf5 ? for shortcuts \'b7 \uc0\u8592  for agents\cf0                                                                                                   \cf12 Remote Control active\cf0 \
\
\
}